------------------PEDESTRIAN DATASET-------------------------------


atrium_1

mv_interpolation
mv_filtering 367 s
mv_refining 128 s
small_mv_removal 58 s
four connectivity 11 s
object tracking 0 s
boundary refinement

atrium_2

mv_interpolation
mv_filtering 632 s
mv_refining 116 s
small_mv_removal 96 s
four connectivity 21 s
object tracking 2 s
boundary refinement

atrium_3

mv_interpolation
mv_filtering 652 s
mv_refining 124 s
small_mv_removal 102 s
four connectivity 17 s
object tracking 6 s
boundary refinement

data_0053

mv_interpolation
mv_filtering 520 s
mv_refining 95 s
small_mv_removal 85 s
four connectivity 25 s
object tracking 0 s
boundary refinement

data_191

mv_interpolation
mv_filtering 261 s
mv_refining 53 s
small_mv_removal 45 s
four connectivity 8 s
object tracking 1 s
boundary refinement

data_0216

mv_interpolation
mv_filtering 437 s
mv_refining 87 s
small_mv_removal 72 s
four connectivity 13 s
object tracking 1 s
boundary refinement

hall_monitor

mv_interpolation
mv_filtering 652 s
mv_refining 100 s
small_mv_removal 80 s
four connectivity 14 s
object tracking 7 s
boundary refinement

pedestrians

mv_interpolation 73 s
mv_filtering 1840 s
mv_refining 302 s
small_mv_removal 239 s
four connectivity 45 s
object tracking 4 s
boundary refinement


------------------HIGHWAY DATASET-------------------------------

highway

mv_interpolation 127 s
mv_filtering 2859 s
mv_refining 413 s
small_mv_removal 345 s
four connectivity 65 s
object tracking 107 s
boundary refinement

sherbrooke_1

mv_interpolation 16 s
mv_filtering 316 s
mv_refining 108 s
small_mv_removal 47 s
four connectivity 9 s
object tracking 17 s
boundary refinement

sherbrooke_2

mv_interpolation 28 s
mv_filtering 579 s
mv_refining 110 s
small_mv_removal 93 s
four connectivity 15 s
object tracking 7 s
boundary refinement

sherbrooke_3

mv_interpolation 41 s
mv_filtering 932 s
mv_refining 192 s
small_mv_removal 146 s
four connectivity 24 s
object tracking 48 s
boundary refinement

sherbrooke_4

mv_interpolation 23 s
mv_filtering 515 s
mv_refining 121
small_mv_removal 75 s
four connectivity 12 s
object tracking 12 s
boundary refinement